update: IR JVM BE what's new (#1788)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/whatsnew14.md

</div>

> If you [enable Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/setup?hl=en), you will automatically be 

> > opted in to the new JVM backend without needing to specify it in `kotlinOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> opted in to the new JVM backend without needing to specify the compiler option in `kotlinOptions`.
```

Author: ✅
